doc: Initial implementation of CMake reference doc (#87083)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/build/cmake-ref/variable/LLEXT_APPEND_FLAGS.rst

LLEXT_APPEND_FLAGS
##################

> Global list of compiler flags to append when compiling llext code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Global list of compiler flags to be added to compiler invocations when compiling extensions.
Target and compiler dependent, usually set in toolchain files. 
```
